SFT221 Workshop-4 Reflection:
Name: Sampreet Klair
Student Number: 145031225
Student ID: sklair2@myseneca.ca
Section: ZBB

Answer 1: There are various techniques that a programmer can use to test their code but two techniques, I like the most to test my code are blackbox testing and whitebox testing. In blackbox testing method, I pretend to be the user or client of the program and test the program without looking at the code by giving random yet code related inputs and then analyze the output likewise. In whitebox testing method, I look at the code while testing the program. By doing this, I can see how the code reacts and functions to different inputs and can look for any bugs in the code.

Answer 2a: The most common data type used for integers is int which can store upto 2,147,483,647 digits. Long is the datatype which is used to store musch larger integers and can store upto 9,223,372,036,854,775,807 digits. The largest most commonly used datatype for floating point integer is double which can store upto 1.8 x 10^308 digits.
Answer 2b: There is a limit on the maximum value we can store in a variable beacuse any value requires a memory to be stored and there is a limit on finite amount of memory a computing device can access or use.
Answer 2c: If we exceed the maximum value an integer can hold, one of two conditions can happen, the first one is overflow wrapping, in which the entered value is wrapped around the minimum or maximum value that can be stored in the memory. The second condition that can happen is that the compiler can give a garbage value as the output which used to be stored at that place or at that instance.
Answer 2d: According to the IEEE 754 standard, floating-point variables use a different format than integers. They are made up of a sign bit, which denotes whether something is positive or negative, an exponent, which is biassed for comparison purposes, and a fraction or mantissa, which represents significant binary digits. This representation in floating-point supports a wide range of values, including fractions and extremely big or small numbers. Instead of using a sign bit, exponent, or fractional component, integers employ a fixed-point format and express values directly with all of their bits.

Answer 3: The heap size is dynamically regulated by the operating system while the default stack size for a program in Visual Studio and similar environments is typically a few megabytes per thread. These boundaries are reached depending on variables like system memory and program complexity. Although it could temporarily fix problems, increasing RAM allotment is not always the best option. Inefficiencies and stack overflow issues can arise from larger stack sizes, although issues can still arise from an inefficiently managed heap even with additional RAM. These restrictions on stack and heap sizes have very important functions. By limiting memory usage, encouraging resource management to prevent system instability, increasing security against attacks, and guaranteeing predictability in program behavior, they improve safety. Increasing memory allocation can be helpful, but addressing memory.